Update config.md for #6419 (i.e. #6111) (#2776)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/config.md

  When an entry in the database is used (e.g. during the `dvc status`), DVC
  updates the timestamp on that entry. This way, when the database needs a
  cleanup, DVC can sort entries chronologically, and remove the oldest ones.
  
- `state.dir` - specify a custom location for the state file. This may be
  necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.

>   ⚠️ Make sure no other project shares the same `state.dir` location.

Reviewer: Sorry, still confused. Which state file does this refer to? https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files doesn't use that term and the note introduced in #2826 doesn't clarify this either. Does this affect .dvc/tmp/md5s or .dvc/tmp/links ? Or both

Author: I tried to document it more clearly: state.dir affects the `links` and `md5s` directories, index.dir the `index` directory.

  
### index

See `.dvc/tmp/index` in 
[Internal directories and files](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files), 
to learn more about remote index files.

- `index.dir` - specify a custom location for the directory where remote index 
  files will be stored. This may be necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.

>   Use this override with care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ⚠️ Make sure no other project shares the same `state.dir` location.
```

  When an entry in the database is used (e.g. during the `dvc status`), DVC
  updates the timestamp on that entry. This way, when the database needs a
  cleanup, DVC can sort entries chronologically, and remove the oldest ones.
  
- `state.dir` - specify a custom location for the state file directories 
  (the `links` and `md5s` directory which by default reside in `./dvc/tmp`). 
  This may be necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.

>   ⚠️ Make sure no other project shares the same `state.dir` location.

Reviewer 2: This and the one for `index` are not necessary, as we generate a unique hash based on the path to the repo that is using this, so there is no real danger in multiple projects using the same dirs.
```suggestion
```

  
### index

See `.dvc/tmp/index` in 
[Internal directories and files](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files), 
to learn more about remote index files.

- `index.dir` - specify a custom location for the directory where remote index 
  files will be stored. This may be necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.

>   ⚠️ Make sure no other project shares the same `index.dir` location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  When an entry in the database is used (e.g. during the `dvc status`), DVC
  updates the timestamp on that entry. This way, when the database needs a
  cleanup, DVC can sort entries chronologically, and remove the oldest ones.
  
- `state.dir` - specify a custom location for the state file. This is

>   necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.

Reviewer: > This is necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes

@meierale is that always the case, or should it be "this may be necessary"?

Author: @jorgeorpinel That's a good question. To be honest I don't really know whether it is always necessary. It certainly is when working with azure ml. Maybe it's better to write "may be necessary", I agree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `state.dir` - specify a custom location for the state file. This may be
  necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.
```

  (By default, store SQLite-based remote indexes and state's
  `links` and `md5s` caches in the repository itself to avoid any

>   possible state corruption in 'shared cache dir' scenario.) 

Reviewer: @meierale can you clarify what this long parenthesis means? Does it intend to document the default behavior when this is not set?

>   possible state corruption in 'shared cache dir' scenario.) 

Reviewer: @meierale can you clarify what this long parenthesis means? Does it intend to document the default behavior when this is not set?

Reviewer: If this is about default behavior, I thin kit would be best to document that in https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files instead.

Reviewer: BTW https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files doesn't mention "state file" so probably a terminology update is needed in this doc or in that other one? I.e. what internal files does `state.dir` affect exactly? (I guess `.dvc/tmp/md5s` and `.dvc/tmp/links`) Thanks

Author: > If this is about default behavior, I thin kit would be best to document that in https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files instead.

Yes that's correct in my opinion: the default behavior of dvc (and its internal sqlite use) is to store the caches of `links` and `md5s` internally inside the .dvc folder of the project. I think it does makes sense indeed to document that on the ìnternal-files` page.
This default behavior however may cause problems if the project (its local folder location) resides on a NFS or some other mounted volume that is not directly attached to the users machine. (e.g. `dvc init` or other commands will fail due to some weird SQLite error.)
Thus the PR and this documentation ;-)

Author: > BTW https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files doesn't mention "state file" so probably a terminology update is needed in this doc or in that other one? I.e. what internal files does `state.dir` affect exactly? (I guess `.dvc/tmp/md5s` and `.dvc/tmp/links`) Thanks

correct 👍

Reviewer: > I think it does makes sense indeed to document that on the internal-files page.

Please edit that file when you can and I'll help finalize the text in both places with some Github suggestions 🙂 although if you become unavailable np, just please lmk and we'll take it over when possible.

> > internal-files doesn't mention "state file" so probably a terminology update is needed
>
> correct 👍

OK so for now can remove this whole defaults parenthesis probably, since the section already links to the Internal Files doc where that's explained. Thanks

```suggestion
```

>   Use this override with care.

Reviewer: What's the risk of overriding this? Maybe the warning should be more specific/scary 👻

Author: What should be avoided is that all of a sudden multiple users that each have the project checked out locally are using the same directory for the state.dir and index.dir. 
Let's assume we have a linux machine with multiple users and that each user has the project checked out locally at `/home/username/projectname`. No problems so far, because every folder is in fact different.
But if on that machine the users would decide to override the default behavior and put the `links` and/or `md5s` to `/tmp`, then we would end up with the same folder for state and index dir being used by multiple users. This would likely result in state curruptions.

Do you know what I mean? (but I figured such a scenario is overkill to describe here)... What do you think?

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! I think we can summarize it like this:

```suggestion
  ⚠️ Make sure no other project shares the same `state.dir` location.
```

And same for `.dvc/tmp/index`, I guess?

  When an entry in the database is used (e.g. during the `dvc status`), DVC
  updates the timestamp on that entry. This way, when the database needs a
  cleanup, DVC can sort entries chronologically, and remove the oldest ones.
  

> - `state.dir` - specify a specific location for storing the state. This is
>   necessary when using `dvc` on a NFS or some other mounted volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `state.dir` - specify a custom location for the state file. This is
  necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.
```

  (By default, store SQLite-based remote indexes and state's
  `links` and `md5s` caches in the repository itself to avoid any
  possible state corruption in 'shared cache dir' scenario.) 
  Use this override with care.
  
### index

> See
> [Internal directories and files](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files), 
> specifically `.dvc/tmp/index` to learn more about the remote index files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `.dvc/tmp/index` in 
[Internal directories and files](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/internal-files), 
to learn more about remote index files.
```

> - `index.dir` - overwrite the default location of the directory for remote index 
>   files that are used for optimizing `dvc push`, `dvc pull`, `dvc fetch` and 
>   `dvc status -c` operations.
>   This may be necessary when using `dvc` on a NFS or some other mounted volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `index.dir` - specify a custom location for the directory where remote index 
  files will be stored. This may be necessary when using DVC on NFS or other mounted volumes.
```
